>look through window 

You can see a large laboratory, dimly illuminated. A blue glow comes from a crack in the northern wall of the lab. Shadowy, ominous shapes move about within the room. On the floor, just inside the door, you can see a magnetic-striped card. 

Floyd stands on his tiptoes and peers in the window. "Looks dangerous in there," says Floyd. "I don't think you should go inside." He peers in again. "We'll need card there to fix computer. Hmmm... I know! Floyd will get card. Robots are tough. Nothing can hurt robots. You open the door, then Floyd will rush in. Then you close door. When Floyd knocks, open door again. Okay? Go!" Floyd's voice trembles slightly as he waits for you to open the door. 

  

>open door 

The door opens and Floyd, pausing only for the briefest moment, plunges into the Bio Lab. Immediately, he is set upon by hideous, mutated monsters! More are heading straight toward the open door! Floyd shrieks and yells to you to close the door. 

  

>close door 

The door closes. 

From within the lab you hear ferocious growlings, the sounds of a skirmish, and then a high-pitched metallic scream! 

  

>z 

Time passes... 

You hear, slightly muffled by the door, three fast knocks, followed by the distinctive sound of tearing metal. 

  

>open door 

The door opens. 

Floyd stumbles out of the Bio Lab, clutching the mini-booth card. The mutations rush toward the open doorway! 

  

>close door 

The door closes. 

And not a moment too soon! You hear a pounding from the door as the monsters within vent their frustration at losing their prey. 

  

Floyd staggers to the ground, dropping the mini card. He is badly torn apart, with loose wires and broken circuits everywhere. Oil flows from his lubrication system. He obviously has only moments to live. 

  

You drop to your knees and cradle Floyd's head in your lap. Floyd looks up at his friend with half-open eyes. "Floyd did it ... got card. Floyd a good friend, huh?" Quietly, you sing Floyd's favorite song, the Ballad of the Starcrossed Miner: 

  

O, they ruled the solar system 

Near ten thousand years before 

In their single starcrossed scout ships 

Mining ast'roids, spinning lore. 

  

Then one true courageous miner 

Spied a spaceship from the stars 

Boarded he that alien liner 

Out beyond the orb of Mars. 

  

Yes, that ship was filled with danger 

Mighty monsters barred his way 

Yet he solved the alien myst'ries 

Mining quite a lode that day. 

  

O, they ruled the solar system 

Near ten thousand years before 

'Til one brave advent'rous spirit 

Brought that mighty ship to shore. 

  

As you finish the last verse, Floyd smiles with contentment, and then his eyes close as his head rolls to one side. You sit in silence for a moment, in memory of a brave friend who gave his life so that you might live. 

